( laughing )
Senpai:
RIGHT, SHALL WE GO?
OH WOW,
IS THIS FOR REAL?
SPENDING THE MORNING
WITH TWO SUPER CUTE GIRLS.
IT’S LIKE A DREAM COME TRUE.
Niko:
HEY!
YOU’VE HAD THAT GOOFY SMIRK
ON YOUR FACE ALL MORNING.
YOU’D BETTER NOT BE
HAVING SOME CREEPY FANTASY.
WELL? YA BIG PERV!
NO. IT’S NOTHING
LIKE THAT AT ALL.
I THINK WE’RE ALL CLEAR
ON TODAY’S MISSION.
AND SINCE THE FINE DETAILS
ARE LEFT TO YOU,
I TRUST YOU’LL HAVE NO ISSUES
DETERMINING WHEN AND WHERE
CHROME DISASTER WILL
APPEAR NEXT?
COURSE NOT.
UNDER CONTROL.
GOOD.
THEN WE’LL BE GOING NOW.
SEE YA LATER.
BYE.
YOU GUYS HAVE A NICE DAY.
WAIT, WHAT THE HELL
IS WRONG WITH ME?
IT’S SUPPOSED
TO BE CLOUDY ALL DAY.
I HOPE IT DOESN’T RAIN.
YEAH, SO DO I.
WOW, THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
I’M WALKING TO SCHOOL
WITH SENPAI.
HOLD STILL.
YOUR TIE’S A LITTLE CROOKED.
OH, WELL,
THANKS FOR FIXING IT.
( sighing )
HMM?
OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD
OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD!
♪
YOU SURE LIKE
LIVING DANGEROUSLY,
DON’T YA, HARU?
NO! NOT AT ALL.
NOTHING COULD BE
FURTHER FROM THE TRUTH!
BUT THANKS.
YOU REALLY DID SAVE
ME THIS MORNING.
Haru: I’M PRETTY
SURE YOUR WORDS GOT
ME OFF THE HOOK.
SO, SHE HAD NO OTHER CHOICE.
SENPAI HAD TO STAY
AT HARU’S, SEE?
COME ON, NOT THAT
STUPID GAME AGAIN.
WHY ARE YOU GUYS
SO INTO THIS THING?
AND I STILL DON’T GET WHAT
ACCELERATING REALLY MEANS.
BUT I SHOWED YOU
THE OTHER DAY, REMEMBER?
HEY, I KNOW!
GET ME THAT
BRAIN BURST THINGY,
AND INSTALL THE GAME
ON MY NEURO-LINKER.
AND THEN THAT WAY,
I CAN BECOME
A BURST LINKER, TOO!
Taku: DO YOU GUYS THINK CHI
WAS SERIOUS?
NO WAY, IT’D NEVER WORK.
CHIYU’S ALWAYS BEEN
BAD AT GAMES.
WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS
ON THIS, MASTER?
HUH?
ABOUT CHI.
DO YOU THINK THAT
SHE ACTUALLY HAS
A CHANCE AT
BECOMING A BURST LINKER?
HMM.
WELL, BEFORE WE CAN ANSWER
THAT, DO WE KNOW IF SHE
EVEN MEETS
THE FIRST CONDITION?
WHAT’S THAT?
OH, WAIT, ARE YOU
ASKING WHETHER OR NOT
CHIYU’S HAD
A NEURO-LINKER
INSTALLED SINCE
THE DAY SHE WAS BORN?
EXACTLY.
YEAH, I’M PRETTY SURE. I THINK
SHE MEETS THAT REQUIREMENT.
OKAY, THEN.
WELL, WHEN IT COMES
TO THE SECOND CONDITION,
CEREBRAL REACTION SPEED,
THERE REALLY AREN’T
ANY STRICT STANDARDS
TO BE MET.
SOME WHO’VE BEEN BAD
AT VR GAMES CAN INSTALL
THE PROGRAM WITHOUT ISSUE.
REALLY?
IS THAT TRUE?
YES. BECAUSE THE MECHANISM
USED TO OPERATE OUR
AVATARS IS IDENTICAL
TO THE BRAIN CIRCUITRY
THAT CONTROLS OUR BODY.
SO, WITH THAT SAID,
YOU MIGHT BENEFIT FROM
A LITTLE MORE EXERCISE.
( groaning )
THOUGH I MUST SAY,
TRYING TO MAKE
SOMEONE A BURST LINKER
WHEN YOU’RE NOT SURE
THEY’RE TRULY SUITABLE,
IS A BIG GAMBLE
FOR SOMEONE TO MAKE.
HOW SO?
THE ISSUE IS WITH THE CURRENT
BRAIN BURST COPY LICENSE.
YOU SEE, AS IT STANDS,
THE POWER TO BE A GUARDIAN
CAN BE USED JUST ONCE,
REGARDLESS OF YOUR
PROTEGE’S SUCCESS.
WHAT?
YOU CAN ONLY DO THAT ONCE?
YES, AND THIS IS WHY SUCH
A STRONG BOND IS DEVELOPED
BETWEEN A GUARDIAN
AND THEIR PROTEGE.
SO, TAKUMU...
UH, YES?
IF THIS WORKS
ON KURASHIMA,
INSTALLING THE BRAIN
BURST PROGRAM,
AND YOU BECOME HER GUARDIAN
AND SHE YOUR PROTEGE.
YOUR RELATIONSHIP
WILL BECOME STRONGER.
THERE CAN BE
NO DOUBT ABOUT THAT.
BUT KNOW THAT NOT ALL THESE NEW
DEVELOPMENTS WILL BE POSITIVE.
THERE WILL ALSO BE ADVERSE
REACTIONS. REMEMBER THAT.
I’LL DO MY BEST
TO KEEP THAT IN MIND.
I CAN’T BELIEVE IT, THAT ONE
CHANCE IS SO VALUABLE,
AND SHE USED IT ON ME.
NOW THAT I THINK OF IT--
IT LOOKS LIKE BREAK
TIME IS OVER NOW.
IN REGARDS TO
CHROME DISASTER,
WE’LL RESUME THIS
CONVERSATION LATER.
SURE.
I WONDER WHO SENPAI’S
GUARDIAN IS?
HMM?
SENPAI, CAN WE TALK DURING
OUR NEXT BREAK?
SORRY, I’LL MAKE THIS SHORT.
UM, YOU SEE, WELL,
THERE’S SOMETHING I’M A LITTLE
CURIOUS ABOUT,
AND I THOUGHT...
WELL, I THOUGHT MAYBE IF
I JUST ASKED YOU THEN--
LET ME GUESS, YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHO MY GUARDIAN IS?
I’M SORRY,
BUT I CAN’T TELL YOU YET.
I DON’T WANT YOU COMING
IN CONTACT WITH THIS PERSON,
NO MATTER HOW SLIM
THAT CHANCE MAY BE.
IT’S BECAUSE
I’M YOUR LEGION MASTER,
AND A GIRL WHO CARES FOR YOU.
IT MAY BE NOTHING MORE THAN
PETTY JEALOUSY, BUT...
SENPAI?
THERE WAS A POINT IN TIME
WHEN I WAS INCREDIBLY CLOSE
TO MY GUARDIAN.
SHE WAS THE VERY CENTER
OF MY WORLD.
I BELIEVED SHE WOULD BRIGHTEN
MY FUTURE AND KEEP THE DARK
AND COLD FOREVER AT BAY FROM ME.
THIS, I TRULY BELIEVED.
THAT’S JUST LIKE HOW
I FEEL ABOUT YOU.
BUT AS IT TURNS OUT,
THAT WAS AN ILLUSION.
NOW, YOU COULD EVEN SAY THAT
THIS PERSON IS MY GREATEST
AND MOST DESPISED ENEMY.
I’D LIKE NOTHING MORE THAN
TO FIGHT THIS PERSON
AND SEVER HER LIMBS,
CLEAN OFF HER BODY.
I’D SMILE AS SHE BEGGED
FOR HER LIFE...
AND THEN I’D RUTHLESSLY
CUT OFF HER HEAD.
BUT THAT DREAM WILL
NEVER COME TRUE.
LOOK, HARUYUKI,
YOU MUST KNOW HOW DIFFERENT
THESE RELATIONSHIPS ARE.
THERE’S A CRITICAL DISTINCTION
BETWEEN A GUARDIAN
AND A PROTEGE, AND THAT OF YOUR
TYPICAL BURST LINKER.
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT IS?
WELL, UH...
IS IT THAT WITH THE GUARDIAN
AND THE PROTEGE,
THE TWO OF YOU KNOW EACH OTHER’S
REAL IDENTITIES?
YES, EXACTLY.
AND IT CAN BE DIFFICULT.
YOU SEE, EVENTS IN
ACCELERATED WORLD CAN AFFECT
AND MAGNIFY EMOTIONS ELSEWHERE.
LIKE IN THE REAL WORLD.
AND I DON’T JUST MEAN
LOVE AND AFFECTION,
BUT FEELINGS OF ANGER
AND HATRED, TOO.
SO, WHILE THE ALLIANCE BETWEEN
A GUARDIAN AND THEIR PROTEGE
IS THE STRONGEST BOND IN ALL
OF THE ACCELERATED WORLD,
IT CAN ALSO TURN INTO
AN ENORMOUS CURSE.
WAIT, WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
EVEN IF YOU WANTED TO,
YOU COULDN’T FIGHT THEM.
THE REAL WORLD IMPLICATIONS
ARE TOO BIG TO BE IGNORED.
IF THAT’S NOT A CURSE,
THEN TELL ME WHAT IS.
BURST LINKERS EXIST FOR THE SOLE
PURPOSE OF FIGHTING EACH OTHER.
AND THEN YOU HAVE THIS
IN SPITE OF THAT FACT?
EVEN IF THINGS GET LIKE
THAT FOR US, I PROMISE,
I WILL NEVER FIGHT YOU.
EVER!
IF WE GOT TO THAT POINT,
I WOULD UNINSTALL BRAIN BURST
BEFORE TURNING AGAINST YOU!
DON’T BE STUPID.
IF THINGS COME TO THAT--
NO, I WON’T FIGHT YOU.
I MADE A PROMISE!
WELL, I’LL TELL
YOU THIS, HARUYUKI.
NO MATTER WHAT
THE FUTURE MAY HAVE
IN STORE FOR US,
I’LL NEVER
REGRET CHOOSING YOU.
SENPAI.
Senpai: TAKUMU AND I
WILL GO TO OUR HOMES
AND DROP OFF OUR STUFF BEFORE
HEADING OVER TO YOUR PLACE.
THEN WE’LL BEGIN OUR MISSION.
Haru:
I’M HOME.
HEY, THERE.
WELCOME BACK.
DON’T WORRY. CHROME DISASTER
HASN’T MADE HIS MOVE YET.
WHAT’S UP?
OH, WELL, UH...
JUST SPIT IT OUT.
WELL, I WAS WONDERING.
DO YOU HATE KUROYUKIHIME SENPAI?
HUH? FOR WHAT?
’CAUSE OF WHAT SHE DID.
I MEAN, SHE WAS THE ONE
WHO SLAYED
THE PREVIOUS RED KING.
AND SHE HAS A HUGE BOUNTY
ON HER HEAD.
OH, YEAH.
RIGHT, THAT STUFF.
NO, I REALLY CAN’T SAY
THAT I HATE HER.
IF ANYTHING,
I’M GRATEFUL TO HER.
HUH?
I GOT TO BE THE RED KING
BECAUSE OF WHAT SHE HAD DONE.
IF IT WASN’T FOR HER SLAYING
MY PREDECESSOR AND BREAKING UP
MY LEGION, I WOULDN’T BE
SITTING HERE AS THE KING.
BESIDES, I HARDLY KNEW
THE FIRST RED KING.
I NEVER EVEN HAD
A CONVERSATION WITH HIM.
REALLY? ARE YOU SURE?
YEAH. AND PLUS...
WHAT?
LISTEN, YOU HAD BETTER
NOT GO AROUND BLABBING
THIS TO HER.
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
YEAH. OKAY.
THE TRUTH IS, I THINK THAT CHICK
IS ACTUALLY PRETTY AWESOME.
I RESPECT HER BRAVERY.
YEAH? HOW’S THAT?
BECAUSE OF EVERYTHING
SHE’S DONE.
WHILE ME AND THE OTHER KINGS
ARE OUT THERE HALF-HEARTEDLY
FIGHTING EACH OTHER,
OBEYING THIS STUPID
NON-AGGRESSION TREATY,
SHE’S THE ONLY ONE WHO’S
HAD THE NERVE TO DECLARE HER
TRUE GOAL, TO REACH LEVEL 10.
THOUGH I BET OTHERS ARE SECRETLY
PLOTTING THE SAME THING,
THEY’RE JUST NOT WILLING
TO ACT ON IT.
SO, ARE YOU THEN?
HUH?
ARE YOU AIMING
FOR THAT, TOO?
FOR LEVEL 10?
I DON’T KNOW YET.
BETWEEN ALL OF US KINGS,
THERE’S A THEORY THAT
IF SOMEONE WERE TO BECOME
A LEVEL 10 BURST LINKER,
WELL, THE RESULT MIGHT TURN OUT
TO BE THAT IT WOULD BRING ABOUT
THE END TO THE ENTIRE GAME.
THEN, BRAIN BURST WOULD
AUTOMATICALLY UNINSTALL ITSELF.
MEANING EVERYONE WOULD
LOSE THE PROGRAM AT ONCE.
WHAT? REALLY?
I DON’T THINK ANYONE
KNOWS FOR SURE IF
IT’S TRUE OR NOT.
BUT, TO BE HONEST,
I DON’T EVEN LIKE
TO THINK ABOUT IT.
THAT’S HOW ADDICTED I AM
TO THE ACCELERATED WORLD.
BUT, YOU KNOW, THE FACT PEOPLE
ARE SO INTO THE GAME
SHOWS YOU HOW WARPED
THIS WORLD’S BECOME.
CHROME DISASTER IS
A PERFECT EXAMPLE OF THAT.
THE REASON CHERRY ROOK
GOT AHOLD OF THE ARMOR
OF CATASTROPHE
IN THE FIRST PLACE
IS BECAUSE HE WAS
PUSHING TO GET
TO A HIGHER LEVEL
IN A WORLD THAT’S
GROWN DORMANT FROM
THAT STUPID TREATY.
IF I WERE TO REALLY
COME CLEAN ABOUT IT,
THE TRUTH IS,
IT’S MY FAULT.
I MADE HIM DO THIS.
LOOK, NIKO...
SHUT UP!
DON’T LOOK AT ME!
GET AWAY! FORGET EVERYTHING
I JUST SAID! YOU GOT THAT?
JUST FORGET IT!
IF YOU DON’T I WILL KILL YOU!
HEY! WHAT SORT OF PERVY,
FOOTSIE GAME ARE YOU PLAYING?
LISTEN, NIKO,
I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL.
HUH?
NOT WANTING THE GAME
TO END IS NATURAL,
AND I TOTALLY GET
THAT YOU WANT TO STAY
IN THE GAME WORLD AND
HOPE IT’LL GO ON FOREVER.
BUT LISTEN, I KNOW THIS
FROM ALL THE GAMES
I’VE PLAYED BEFORE
ON THE NET,
Haru: THERE’S NOTHING LONELIER
AND MORE SAD THAN THE FATE
OF A GAME THAT NEVER
COMES TO AN END.
PLAYERS EVENTUALLY GET BORED
AND MOVE ONTO OTHER GAMES.
AND THEN ONE DAY,
EVEN THE GAME’S NPC’S ARE GONE.
YOU SUDDENLY REALIZE YOUR
FAVORITE WEAPONS DEALER
OR INNKEEPER
HAS DISAPPEARED FOREVER.
I’VE EXPERIENCED THAT MOMENT
SO MANY TIMES,
AND IT JUST MAKES ME CRY.
THAT IS NOT HOW YOU
SHOULD FINISH A GAME.
EVERYTHING ABOUT
THAT IS WRONG.
IF BRAIN BURST DOES HAVE
AN ENDING THEN THERE’S NO DOUBT
IN MY MIND, THAT IS EXACTLY
WHAT WE SHOULD BE AIMING FOR.
EVEN IF IN THE END IT MEANS
WE LOSE OUR ACCELERATION POWERS.
IT’S DEFINITELY THE RIGHT THING
TO DO, I KNOW IT.
IT’S WAY BETTER THAN
THE ALTERNATIVE:
Haru: WATCHING THE WORLD WASTE
AWAY INTO SOME FORCED ENDING.
THE RIGHT THING TO DO,
HUH?
IT’S ODD TO HEAR A BURST LINKER
USE WORDS LIKE THAT.
YOU’RE A STRANGE ONE.
I HAVE TO ADMIT,
I’VE ALWAYS WONDERED WHY
A TUBBY LITTLE WIMP LIKE YOU
MANAGED TO CREATE THE ONLY
FLYING AVATAR IN THE GAME.
BUT NOW I THINK I’M BEGINNING
TO SEE HOW THAT HAPPENED.
BUT THAT SAID...
HOW LONG DO YOU PLAN
TO KEEP STANDIN’
THERE FONDLING MY FOOT?
YA BIG PERV!
( bell ringing )
Niko:
HE’S ON THE MOVE!
CHERRY JUST BOARDED THE SEIBU
IKEBUKURO TRAIN LINE.
IF HE FOLLOWS HIS USUAL ROUTE,
HE’LL BE HUNTING IN IKEBUKURO.
UNDERSTOOD.
SO, HOW SHALL WE GET THERE?
DO WE TRAVEL THERE IN
THE VIRTUAL WORLD OR REAL?
I SAY VIRTUAL.
WITH THE FOUR OF US,
WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO AVOID
RUNNING INTO AN ENEMY.
YES, GOOD POINT.
WHAT ENEMIES?
HARUYUKI, WHEN YOU
REACHED LEVEL 4,
I TAUGHT YOU
A VOICE COMMAND.
DO YOU STILL
REMEMBER IT?
UH, YEAH.
ALL RIGHT,
VERY WELL THEN.
I THINK IT’S TIME
WE SHOW YOU THE TRUE
BATTLEGROUND FOR
BURST LINKERS LIKE US.
YOU’LL NEED TO USE
TEN POINTS FOR THIS.
I ASSUME THAT’S
NOT A PROBLEM?
UH, NO. NOT IF IT’S
JUST GONNA BE 10 POINTS.
BUT WHAT DO YOU MEAN
BY A TRUE BATTLEGROUND?
IT’S EXACTLY AS IT SOUNDS.
THIS IS THE TRUE ESSENCE
OF WHAT WE CALL
THE ACCELERATED WORLD. LET’S GO.
THE MISSION TO DESTROY THE FIFTH
CHROME DISASTER STARTS NOW.
Computer:
CONNECT TO THE GLOBAL NET?
All:
UNLIMITED BURST!
WHERE ARE WE?
WAIT, IS THIS
THE UNLIMITED
NEUTRAL FIELD?
Senpai: IT IS. THIS IS
THE SAME PLACE WHERE WE
HUNTED DOWN THE PREVIOUS ARMOR
OF CATASTROPHE TWO YEARS AGO.
BY THE WAY,
HAVE YOU NOTICED
ANYTHING DIFFERENT?
HUH? LIKE WHAT?
Haru: HEY!
THERE’S NO TIME LIMIT!
THAT’S RIGHT. THAT’S WHY
THEY CALL IT UNLIMITED.
COOL.
ONCE YOU’RE HERE,
IT’S POSSIBLE TO STAY FOREVER.
OF COURSE, YOU HAVE TO BE LEVEL
FOUR OR HIGHER TO EVEN ENTER.
WE HAVE ACCELERATED,
RIGHT?
YES, THAT’S CORRECT.
SO, IF WE’RE TO SPEND AN ENTIRE
DAY HERE USING REAL WORLD TIME,
IN THE ACCELERATED WORLD
THAT WOULD BE THREE YEARS.
THAT’S AWESOME!
WHY DIDN’T YOU TELL
ME THIS SOONER, TAKU?
MAN, JUST THINK OF HOW
MUCH STUFF I CAN GET DONE
IF I STAYED IN THIS WORLD.
IT’S BETTER IF YOU DON’T.
HUH?
Senpai:
HE’S RIGHT. IF IT’S JUST
A FEW DAYS THEN AT WORSE
YOU MISS A FEW APPOINTMENTS.
BUT IF YOU SPEND HALF A YEAR
HERE OR EVEN A MONTH,
YOU’LL COME BACK A COMPLETELY
DIFFERENT PERSON.
IT’S TO BE EXPECTED.
YOUR BODY WON’T HAVE AGED,
BUT YOUR SOUL WILL MOST
DEFINITELY HAVE.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
LET’S STAY FOCUSED.
WE SHOULD GET MOVING.
AT THE MOMENT WE ACCELERATED,
WE HAD TWO MINUTES IN REAL TIME
BEFORE CHERRY’S TRAIN WAS DUE TO
ARRIVE AT HIS STOP IN IKEBUKURO.
WE STILL HAVE PLENTY
OF TIME TO GET THERE, BUT...
YOU’RE RIGHT.
HUH?
BUT HOW ARE WE GOING
TO GET TO IKEBUKURO?
ARE YOU PLANNING
ON RUNNING THERE?
DON’T BE AN IDIOT!
WHY DO YOU THINK WE BROUGHT YOU
WITH US IN THE FIRST PLACE?
HUH?
YOU’LL HOLD ME TIGHT
AND CARRY ME, WON’T YOU?
WHAT?
( gasps )
YOU HAVE GOT TO BE JOKING.
IF HE’S HOLDING ANYONE,
IT’LL BE ME.
I MEAN, AFTER ALL, JUST LOOK
AT WHAT I HAVE FOR LIMBS.
( gasps )
YOU, RAIN, CAN CATCH A RIDE
BY GRABBING AHOLD OF HIS LEGS.
FORGET THAT!
IT’S YOUR OWN FAULT
YOU HAVE SUCH
A HUGE DESIGN FLAW.
YOU CAN CATCH UP
WITH US LATER BY TRAIN.
OH, VERY FUNNY.
RIGHT. WELL HOW ABOUT THIS.
I CAN--
NO ONE ASKED YOU,
FOUR-EYES!
THAT’S RIGHT, TEACH!
( gasping )
Taku:
I MISS CHI.
YOU’RE ON YOUR OWN,
HARU.
TAKU!
SO, WHAT’S IT GONNA BE?
YES, DO TELL US, SILVER CROW?
WELL, I GUESS I’LL
START BY CHARGING UP
MY SPECIAL MOVE GAUGE.
Taku:
YOU OKAY, HARU?
YEAH, I’M FINE.
I JUST CAN’T GO VERY FAST.
HEY, LOTUS,
YOU HEARD HIM.
WHY DON’T YOU DO US ALL A FAVOR
AND TAKE THE TRAIN INSTEAD.
OH, REALLY?
BUT IF YOU TOOK THE TRAIN,
YOU COULD GET THE KIDDIE FARE.
PLEASE STOP, OKAY? I’M SCARED
WE’RE GOING TO FALL.
Haru: AMAZING. IT JUST GOES ON
AS FAR AS THE EYE CAN SEE.
SO, THIS IS WHAT THE ACCELERATED
WORLD REALLY LOOKS LIKE.
AND IT EXISTS RIGHT NEXT
TO THE REAL WORLD.
A PERMANENT PLACE,
NOT JUST A TEMPORARY STAGE.
YES. THIS IS THE TRUE
BURST LINKER BATTLEFIELD.
IF YOU’RE AIMING
TO REACH LEVEL NINE,
YOU TOO WILL HAVE
TO FIGHT ON THIS BATTLEFIELD
SOMEDAY AND WIN. HOWEVER,
THAT TIME IS NOT YET HERE.
( sighing )
( distant screaming sound )
WHAT’S THAT NOISE?
Senpai:
OVER THERE, HARUYUKI.
TAKE A LOOK.
( screaming sound )
Haru:
WHAT IS THAT?
Senpai: IT’S THE ENEMY.
AN INHABITANT OF THIS WORLD
WHICH IS CREATED
AND OPERATED BY THE SYSTEM.
Haru:
BUT WHAT ARE THEY FOR?
Senpai:
YOU’LL SEE.
THE HUNT.
IT’S ABOUT TO START.
Haru:
HUH?
THAT’S THE HUNT?
Senpai: YES.
Niko:
NOW DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
ASIDE FROM THE USUAL DUELS,
THE ENEMIES HERE ARE THE ONLY
OTHER WAY TO EARN POINTS.
BUT THAT SAID,
EVEN IF YOU DEFEAT
THESE HUGE MONSTERS,
YOU’LL ONLY GET
ABOUT 10 BURST POINTS.
WHAT? THAT’S ALL?
Senpai: IT’S BECAUSE THE HUNT
IS ONLY A MINOR COMPONENT
OF BRAIN BURST, WHICH IS FIRST,
AND FOREMOST, A FIGHTING GAME.
HOWEVER, AS IT STANDS,
THE HUNT HAS BECOME ABOUT
THE ONLY WAY FOR A PLAYER
TO REACH THE HIGHEST LEVELS.
RIGHT. THE NON-AGGRESSION
TREATY...
BUT THERE ARE STILL OTHER WAYS
TO LEVEL UP, RIGHT, MASTER?
YES.
Haru:
WELL, LIKE WHAT?
Taku: LET’S JUST SAY THERE ARE
OTHER THINGS TO HUNT HERE
BESIDES THE ENEMIES.
AND THE BEST PART
IS THEY’RE WORTH
A TON OF POINTS.
I GET IT. IT’S NOT THE ENEMIES
BUT THE OTHER BURST LINKERS!
Taku:
EXACTLY.
HIGH-LEVEL BURST LINKERS
RARELY VENTURE OUTSIDE
THEIR OWN TERRITORIES.
THIS IS ALL A RESULT
OF THE NON-AGGRESSION TREATY.
BUT WHEN THEY DO LEAVE
AND THEY COME HERE TO HUNT,
THEY CAN FIGHT ONE ANOTHER
FOR AS LONG AS THEY WANT.
Niko:
THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT
CHERRY ROOK,
OR I GUESS I SHOULD
SAY CHROME DISASTER,
IS DOING HERE.
WE’RE ALMOST AT IKEBUKURO.
Senpai: YES,
BUT IT’S A VERY BIG PLACE.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHERE HE MIGHT APPEAR?
Niko: WELL, IF HE FOLLOWS
HIS USUAL ROUTE,
IT’LL BE SOMEWHERE
AROUND SUNSHINE CITY.
SO, LET’S START
FROM THERE--
LOOK OUT!
Senpai: IS THAT HIM?
IS THAT CHROME DISASTER?
CAN’T BE. I TIMED IT SO
WE’D GET HERE BEFORE HIM.
AND PLUS, HE DOESN’T HAVE
LONG-RANGE ATTACKS!
I’VE GOTTA LAND.
Niko: THOSE MISSILES,
THEY’RE COMING BACK!
SHIT!
Haru:
( groaning )
( screaming )
( grunting )
EVERYONE OKAY?
YEAH.
THAT WAS CLOSE.
Taku:
WHO ARE THESE GUYS?
Niko: I DON’T KNOW,
BUT I’M PRETTY SURE
THEY’RE NOT OUR FRIENDS.
Haru:
A CLOWN?
Niko:
YELLOW RADIO?
Haru:
HUH?
WHAT? WHY IS
THE YELLOW KING HERE?
WAIT, HE’S A KING?
IF HE’S THE LEADER
OF THE YELLOW LEGION,
THEN HE’S A LEVEL NINE
BURST LINKER!
BUT THE YELLOW LEGION’S
TERRITORY IS NOWHERE NEAR HERE.
IT’S FROM UENO
TO AKIHABARA.
SO, WHAT’S HE’S
DOING IN IKEBUKURO?
NOW, I GET IT.
YA BASTARD!
YOU SET THIS UP YELLOW RADIO.
THIS WAS ALL YOU!
♪
Senpai:
NEXT STAGE, OBLIGATION.
A PAST OF BETRAYAL AND A WOUND
THAT WON’T HEAL.
THE CHAINS OF GUILT WEIGH
HEAVILY ON THE BLACK KING.